next one we're gonna do real quick is
the lining pattern and the lining
pattern is believe it or not one
sixteenth of an inch smaller that you're
outside pattern that's it once it seems
smaller so we're gonna make this about
600 I want to try a paper is kind of
smallish so I want to try to get my
spore in the middle looks like I look at
the sea that's perfection okay one day
and one day anyway we take our outside
and we're going to that you sick leave
you want to trace it and you oh I can
just mount measure or 1/16 down we'll
just trace it then go once extinct then
what you do this
and then after a little bit of time
you'll be able to just do the 1/16 I
said you continue to make the buck when
you want to send out your pattern or
production
you really want on a pattern for every
piece so that there's no confusion about
what's more in order so now we're going
to measure in 1/16
so I'm looking this and get down like
1/16 inside strakes longline kind of a
tedious painter just lining my wife
probably had a but at the last minute
she decided she didn't want to do it but
since I already know what 1/16 is I'm
going to just go down the pattern 1/16
and what we're trying to do here is just
make it a little bit smaller than the
outside
because this on the inside of the bat so
therefore it's got to be a little
smaller and that should do it
so now I'm gonna cut this out
is it right
and that's the once it's in blue or not
that's the 1/16 yeah of this usual
and there's our pattern and if you come
sit along it what's a pretty good right
okay
and here's our lining pattern it will go
lining cut to demo and there we go so
now we have our lining we have our
outside and we have our master and this
is where you want each line outside and
aligning for each piece that you have
that's a master and I said okay so we
hope you enjoyed our tutorial please
leave comments talk to you soon bye